Add AML-Dashboard documentation (#12)
eProsima-Private/AML-Tools: docs/rst/amldashboard/user_manual/usage.rst

To stop a computing node, simply run ``ctrl+C``.

* **Model Manager Sender Node**

To run a Model Manager Sender Node, execute:

.. code-block:: bash

   python3 sender.py

To stop a Model Manager Sender Node, simply run ``ctrl+C``.

* **Inference Node**

To run an Inference Node, execute:

.. code-block:: bash

   python3 inference.py

To stop an Inference Node, simply run ``ctrl+C``.

AML Dashboard
-------------

To run the dashboard, follow the steps below:

1. Navigate to the ``frontend/aml_dashboard`` directory.

.. code-block:: bash

   cd frontend/aml_dashboard

2. Start the dashboard:

.. code-block:: bash

   npm run dev

With the *AML Dashboard* up and running, you can access it at the following address:

.. code-block:: bash

   http://localhost:5173/

Data Management Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To create a dataset, simply follow these steps:

1. Activate the ``video`` switch in the webcam section to enable webcam capture.

2. Specify the label of the dataset in the *Instance label* section.

3. Click on the ``Hold to record instances`` button in the *Capture instances to the training set* to start recording instances.

> 4. Once recorded, the dataset will be promptly displayed in the *dataset browser* section for easy access and management.

Reviewer: Add something in the lines that for the model to function, there are needed at least two classes

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/data_management.png

Training Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^

To train a model using |aml|, follow these steps:

1. Specify the number of parallel trainings (executions) you wish to run.

2. Define the number of iterations per execution.

3. Set the percentage of dataset to distribute in each execution.

4. Click on the ``Train`` button in the *AML Training Launcher* to initiate the training process.

5. Once the training is completed, the model status will appear as **Finished :)** in the *AML Status*.

> * Please ensure that at least one **Computing Node** is running to facilitate the training process.

Reviewer: Please put this line at the beginning of the subsection, as the first step or ```Warning``` or ```Important```.

For each node mentioned here and in the following tabs, add a reference to the section where it os explained how to run each node.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/training.png

Fetching Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^

To fetch a model, follow these steps:

1. Click on the ``Search for statistics`` button in the *AML Statistics Fetcher*.

2. Once the statistics are received, the status will appear as **Statistics received !** in the *AML Collaborative Learning Status*.

3. Click on the ``Request model`` button in the *AML Model Fetcher*.

4. Once the model is received, the status will change to **Model received !** in the *AML Collaborative Learning Status*.

> * Make sure that at least one **Model Manager Sender Node** is running to facilitate the model fetching process.

Reviewer: Please add this line at the beginning of the section, the same way as in the previous section.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/fetching.png

Batch Prediction Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To predict the output of a dataset, follow these steps:

1. Click on the ``Update predictions`` button in the *Algebraic Machine Learning*.

2. The predictions will be displayed in the Results *Algebraic Machine Learning* plot.

> * Ensure that you have access to at least one |aml| Model to facilitate the batch prediction process.

Reviewer: Move this line to the beginning of the section.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/batch_prediction.png

Real-Time Prediction Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To predict the output of webcam images in real^time using an |aml| Model, follow these steps:

1. Toggle the ``prediction`` switch in the *Predict for AML* section and activate the ``video`` switch in the webcam section.

2. The predictions will be displayed in the *Results AML* plot.

> * Ensure that you have access to at least one |aml| Model to facilitate the real^time prediction process.

Reviewer: Move this line to the beginning of the section.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/real_time_prediction.png

Context Broker Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To create and update data to the Context Broker and get the solution (inference) from the |aml| Model, follow these steps:

1. Specify the Fiware Node parameters and Context Broker entity ID and attributes.

2. Click on the ``Create`` button to create the node using the provided parameters.

3. The *Fiware Node Status* will update to indicate whether the node has been created successfully.

4. Drag and drop an image or upload a file in the designated area to upload data.

5. Click the ``Post Data`` button to send the data to the Context Broker.

6. The *Data Status* will update to indicate whether the data has been successfully posted.

7. Once the solution is received, it will be displayed in the *Context Broker Solution* section and the *Solution Status* will update to **Solution received !** to indicate successful retrieval.

> * Make sure that the Context Broker is running to ensure successful interaction and data exchange.

Reviewer: Move this line to the beginning of the section. Add a reference to the context broker installation guide to facillitate the use.

To stop a computing node, simply run ``ctrl+C``.

* **Model Manager Sender Node**

To run a Model Manager Sender Node, execute:

.. code-block:: bash

   python3 sender.py

To stop a Model Manager Sender Node, simply run ``ctrl+C``.

* **Inference Node**

To run an Inference Node, execute:

.. code-block:: bash

   python3 inference.py

To stop an Inference Node, simply run ``ctrl+C``.

AML Dashboard
-------------

To run the dashboard, follow the steps below:

1. Navigate to the ``frontend/aml_dashboard`` directory.

.. code-block:: bash

   cd frontend/aml_dashboard

2. Start the dashboard:

.. code-block:: bash

   npm run dev

With the *AML Dashboard* up and running, you can access it at the following address:

.. code-block:: bash

   http://localhost:5173/

Data Management Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To create a dataset, simply follow these steps:

1. Activate the ``video`` switch in the webcam section to enable webcam capture.

2. Specify the label of the dataset in the *Instance label* section.

3. Click on the ``Hold to record instances`` button in the *Capture instances to the training set* to start recording instances.

> 4. Once recorded, the dataset will be promptly displayed in the *dataset browser* section for easy access and management. In order to be able to train a model, you must have at least two classes in the dataset.

Author: I will add that for the model to function, there are needed at least two classes after step 4 in a note.

Reviewer: Done

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/data_management.png

Training Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^

To train a model using |aml|, follow these steps:

.. note::
   Please ensure that at least one **Computing Node** is running to facilitate the training process.

1. Specify the number of parallel trainings (executions) you wish to run.

2. Define the number of iterations per execution.

3. Set the percentage of dataset to distribute in each execution.

4. Click on the ``Train`` button in the *AML Training Launcher* to initiate the training process.

5. Once the training is completed, the model status will appear as **Finished :)** in the *AML Status*.

> 6. If the training process fails, an error message will be displayed indicating the reason for the failure.
> 
> 
> .. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/training.png

Author: ```suggestion
6. If the training process fails, an error message will be displayed indicating the reason for the failure.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/training.png
```

Reviewer: Done

Fetching Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^

To fetch a model, follow these steps:

.. note::

   Make sure that at least one **Model Manager Sender Node** is running to facilitate the model fetching process.

1. Click on the ``Search for statistics`` button in the *AML Statistics Fetcher*.

2. Once the statistics are received, the status will appear as **Statistics received !** in the *AML Collaborative Learning Status*.

3. Click on the ``Request model`` button in the *AML Model Fetcher*.

4. Once the model is received, the status will change to **Model received !** in the *AML Collaborative Learning Status*.

> 5. If the fetching process fails, an error message will be displayed indicating an error.
> 
> 
> .. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/fetching.png

Author: ```suggestion
5. If the fetching process fails, an error message will be displayed indicating an error.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/fetching.png
```

Reviewer: Done

Batch Prediction Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To predict the output of a dataset, follow these steps:

.. note::

   Ensure that you have access to at least one |aml| Model to facilitate the batch prediction process.

1. Click on the ``Update predictions`` button in the *Algebraic Machine Learning*.

2. The predictions will be displayed in the Results *Algebraic Machine Learning* plot.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/batch_prediction.png

Real-Time Prediction Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To predict the output of webcam images in real^time using an |aml| Model, follow these steps:

.. note::

   Ensure that you have access to at least one |aml| Model to facilitate the real^time prediction process.

1. Toggle the ``prediction`` switch in the *Predict for AML* section and activate the ``video`` switch in the webcam section.

2. The predictions will be displayed in the *Results AML* plot.

> 
> 
> .. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/real_time_prediction.png

Author: ```suggestion

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/real_time_prediction.png
```

Reviewer: Done

Context Broker Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To create and update data to the Context Broker and get the solution (inference) from the |aml| Model, follow these steps:

.. note::

>    Make sure that the Context Broker is running to ensure successful interaction and data exchange.

Author: Add a reference to the context broker installation guide to facillitate the use.

Reviewer: Done

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/fetching.png

Batch Prediction Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To predict the output of a dataset, follow these steps:

.. note::

   Ensure that you have access to at least one |aml| Model to facilitate the batch prediction process.

1. Click on the ``Update predictions`` button in the *Algebraic Machine Learning*.

2. The predictions will be displayed in the Results *Algebraic Machine Learning* plot.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/batch_prediction.png

Real-Time Prediction Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To predict the output of webcam images in real^time using an |aml| Model, follow these steps:

.. note::

   Ensure that you have access to at least one |aml| Model to facilitate the real^time prediction process.

1. Toggle the ``prediction`` switch in the *Predict for AML* section and activate the ``video`` switch in the webcam section.

2. The predictions will be displayed in the *Results AML* plot.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/amldashboard/real_time_prediction.png

Context Broker Tab
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To create and update data to the Context Broker and get the solution (inference) from the |aml| Model, follow these steps:

.. note::

>    Make sure that the Context Broker is running to ensure successful interaction and data exchange. The Context Broker can be installed and configured as per instructions provided `here <https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/docker/README.md#1-the-fastest-way>`__.

Author: ```suggestion
   Make sure that the Context Broker is running to ensure successful interaction and data exchange. The Context Broker can be installed and configured by following the instructions provided `here <https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/blob/master/docker/README.md#1-the-fastest-way>`__.
```

Reviewer: Done
